Mojang might have been secretly cooking.
So, Mojang has been releasing a bunch of
snapshots lately, and let's be honest,
most of them don't really add much.
Sure, the new baby mobs are cute, but
they don't really add new things to do
in the game. So, a lot of people have
been disappointed with this drop. But
Mojang may have been cooking behind the
scenes, which might be why this drop was
so small, because they just revealed
that the rendering engine used for Java
is going to change in the next few
months. And if you don't know what this
means, it's basically how the code turns
into visuals on the screen. And changing
this will be both amazing and terrible.
First, it means vibrant visuals for Java
is still being worked on even though
it's been a while since they announced
it. Next, it means the people who
speculate that Microsoft will
discontinue Java are most likely wrong
because they probably wouldn't spend so
much time making Java future proof just
to scrap it. And finally, it means Java
may have some massive and much needed
performance boosts. The one bad thing
though is changing the rendering engine
will break tons of mods and shaders.